Mr. Ma Sanfeng's congratulatory gift has been delivered to Zhaojiacun
And here's the good news.
Sun Meifeng's son also won the Olympic championship
I remember that Sun Meifeng is Zhao Ruolan's mother
It's really terrific.
One mother actually raised two talents
Immediately have someone send Sun Meifeng 1 billion contract
Such a great mother deserves my good reward
The village chief ceremony is coming soon
Hurry up and deal with Zhao Daming and Zhao Ruolan
Hey.
village chief
Although there are only 9 minutes left until the market results
But can we wait?
I can say for sure
Zhao Ruolan, he must be the world Olympic champion
If Zhao Ruolan
He actually won the Olympic world championship.
Our entire Zhaojia Village will be prosperous
But the village chief
If you put Zhao Ruolan in advance
Expulsion from Zhaojiacun
Then what will you do to Liefu Liezong in the future?
Tell the villagers in Zhaojiacun
Explain what
Explain this bargain if you can win the world championship
The old lady knelt down and kowtowed to him
Olympic champion gift arrives